README.md, before:

# Just Tech News

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-important)

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions)
- [License Section](#license)
- [Contact Me](#contact-me)

## Built With

- Java
- Maven Repository
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- JSON
- Insomnia (for testing)
- Thymeleaf
- MySQL
- Spring Boot
- Spring Data JPA
- ClearDB MySQL

## Usage Instructions

To see and use the deployed site, follow this link to [Heroku](https://cc-java-api-32.herokuapp.com)

1. After following the link, click the login button at the top right of the screen to be navigated to the login page.

2. Once on the login page, either login using the top login form, or create a new account using the bottom sign-up form.

3. After you login, you will be navigated to the homepage.

4. On the homepage, you can click on the comments button under a post to add a comment or upvote to a post.

5. If you wish to create a new post, click on the dashboard button to the left of the logout button at the top of the screen to be navigated to your dashboard where you can create a new post, or view your existing posts.

## License

Permission to use this application is granted under the MIT license.
Click on the link for more information: [MIT License Information](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Contact Me

GitHub Link: (https://github.com/nicnolen)<br>
Email Address: <nicnolen@ymail.com>

Commit message:

added a description to the README

README.md, after:

# Just Tech News

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-important)

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions)
- [License Section](#license)
- [Contact Me](#contact-me)

## Built With

- Java
- Maven Repository
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- JSON
- Insomnia (for testing)
- Thymeleaf
- MySQL
- Spring Boot
- Spring Data JPA
- ClearDB MySQL

## Description

This app allows a user to post an article from another source and other users can vote or comment on the post.

## Usage Instructions

To see and use the deployed site, follow this link to [Heroku](https://cc-java-api-32.herokuapp.com)

1. After following the link, click the login button at the top right of the screen to be navigated to the login page.

2. Once on the login page, either login using the top login form, or create a new account using the bottom sign-up form.

3. After you login, you will be navigated to the homepage.

4. On the homepage, you can click on the comments button under a post to add a comment or upvote to a post.

5. If you wish to create a new post, click on the dashboard button to the left of the logout button at the top of the screen to be navigated to your dashboard where you can create a new post, or view your existing posts.

## License

Permission to use this application is granted under the MIT license.
Click on the link for more information: [MIT License Information](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Contact Me

GitHub Link: (https://github.com/nicnolen)<br>
Email Address: <nicnolen@ymail.com>
